DOCS-1079: Make board attribute configuration easier (#1927)
viamrobotics/docs: static/include/components/board-attr-config.md

Copy and paste the following attribute template into your board's **Attributes** box.

> Then remove and fill in the attributes as applicable to your board, according to the table below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edit and fill in the attributes as applicable to your board, according to the table below.
```
(opt) Just to keep wording consistent

Author: I changed it for these ones with the non-fancy configs because if we're telling people to copy paste a template that has all attributes, even the optional and mutually-exclusive ones in it, I want to make it explicit that they can and should remove some of them.

> {{< tabs >}}

Reviewer: This seems like a really good add, thank you jessamy!!

{{% tab name="Attributes template" %}}

```json {class="line-numbers linkable-line-numbers"}
{

>   "analogs": [

Reviewer 2: These are all going away and we are not having a standard config for the board component. The common config is too tied to the raspberry pi, and we've already broken it for custom-linux.
